Welcome back.
So you're ready for the second challenge.
Go over the challenge.
Create a C++ program that asks the user for their favorite number between 1 and 100.
Then read this number from the console.
Suppose the user enters number 24 you want to display the following to the console.
Amazing.
That's my favorite number too.
That's exactly what we did in our first program.
Now here's the little bit of a twist.
You also want to display.
No really.
24 is my favorite number.
Below are two sample runs of the program.
So in this case we're prompting the user.
There is our prompt.
The user enters 24 and we prayed that amazing That's my favorite number two.
No really.
24 is my favorite number.
If I run this program again and I type in 75 I'll get 75.
So let me run the program for you to see what it looks like.
Here we go.
This is the prompt to the user at your your favorite number between 1 and 100.
So to say it's hepped and a 50 and press center then you're going to display to the user.
Amazing That's my favorite number two.
No really.
50 is my favorite number.
That's it.
That's the challenge.
Give it a shot and then come back to the next video and we'll work through the solution together.